Clarify version vs mode (#45)
apple/swift-migration-guide: Guide.docc/MigrationGuide.md

on a per-target basis.
Targets that build with previous modes, as well as code in other
languages exposed to Swift, can all interoperate with

> modules that have been migrated to the latest mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modules that have been migrated to the Swift 6 language mode.
```
